# **Cooling System Example**

To handle multiples types of cooling system hardware, the "composite design pattern" was adopted.

* **ICoolingSystem.py**

    This file defines an interface that needs to be implemented for each type of cooling system.

* **TypeACoolingSystem.py, TypeBCoolingSystem.py snd TypeCCoolingSystem.py**

    These files are examples of how to implement a cooling system class using the defined interface.
    
    The class has an internal process (thread) to interact with the hardware to send and receiving states.
    The same process is used to process application-side commands.

    In order for other processes to receive asynchronous events generated by the cooling system, just attach an
    observer. When a event occur all the observer will receive an instance of the cooling system plus the event type.

With this approach, each implementation of the cooling system can hide the details of each hardware, and the
application only needs to deal with one type of interface.

* **ICoolingSystemManager.py**

    This file defines an interface that needs to be implemented for each type of cooling system manager.

* **CoolingSystemManager.py**

    This file is an example of how to implement a cooling system manager class using the defined interface.

## **Units tests**

* **CoolingSystemTest.py**

    This unit test shows how to write tests for an interface and test multiple implementations against it.

* **CoolingSystemObserverHelper.py**

    Helper class that implement a cooling system observer with methods to assist the tests.

## **Style guides**

[PEP 8 – Style Guide for Python Code](https: // peps.python.org/pep-0008/)
